hello this is darren Craddock from inner
health botanicals with the daily dose
today I'd like to respond to some
queries and concerns from our customers
and from the general public about the
products that we use on a daily basis
and enter food of course is one of them
for many of you so many people have been
calling in or writing in and asking us
where do we source our ingredients from
and most of the questions have actually
been coming with related related to four
primary ingredients those are spirulina
chlorella dolls and kelp and so in this
short daily dose I wanted to respond to
those concerns and those questions to
tell you exactly where all of those
ingredients come from and to basically
explain to you how stringent we are in
our quality control and just to
basically allay any concerns and ensure
you that the product is the highest
quality it possibly can be so the
spirulina we sourced from India it's
organically grown in large pools in
India it's basically large tanks I guess
one could say and to the highest NOP
Organic Standards possible so nothing
used to fertilize the spirulina is
synthetic everything is natural a
hundred percent and conforms to the
Organic Standards the Dolson kelp are
both harvested from Canada primarily in
the Nova Scotia region so the cold
Atlantic sea weeds that are reputed to
have such high nutritional content to
them so the benefits of course as we've
mentioned before are many but primarily
nutrition wise and also helping to detox
the body and the fourth ingredient is
chlorella and chlorella we sourced from
Taiwan Taiwan is an independent nation
and has a very similar economy to the
United States in fact it's been
protected by the united states since
china turned communist and so it is not
part of china it is an independent
nation and has very high quality control
and respects the organic standards to
the letter so the NOP standards just as
I mentioned for the other products and
Taiwan for those of you who may not be
aware geography wise is over a thousand
miles southwest of Japan so all of the
radiate radioactivity that people are
concerned about is migrating eastwards
from Japan so in the complete opposite
direction so I wanted to give this daily
dose and illustrate just wherever things
coming from and allay any concerns you
may have we do not source any
ingredients from China and we're very
very particular about what we put in the
inner food otherwise we wouldn't give it
to our own families or take it ourselves
and least of all sell it to anybody else
so if you have any concerns I hope this
short daily doses so to allay those
concerns of course if you have any
questions any further a need for
explanation please don't hesitate to
email us info at enter food calm and
again this is darren Craddock signing
off today from inner health botanicals
with the daily dose thank you for
watching